Example/Pods/MJCocoaCore/README.md, before:

**WARNING: This project has been abandoned in favor of MJSwiftCore: https://github.com/mobilejazz/MJSwiftCore**

[![CI Status](http://img.shields.io/travis/mobilejazz/MJCocoaCore.svg?style=flat)](https://travis-ci.org/mobilejazz/MJCocoaCore)
[![Version](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/v/MJCocoaCore.svg?style=flat)](http://cocoapods.org/pods/MJCocoaCore)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/l/MJCocoaCore.svg?style=flat)](http://cocoapods.org/pods/MJCocoaCore)
[![Platform](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/p/MJCocoaCore.svg?style=flat)](http://cocoapods.org/pods/MJCocoaCore)


# ![Mobile Jazz Badge](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mobilejazz/metadata/master/images/icons/mj-40x40.png) MJCocoaCore

Utilities not dependent on UIKit, so they can be used in iOS, tvOS and macOS projects

## How to install

To install the MJ Cocoa Core library using [Cocoapods](https://cocoapods.org/), just paste the following line in your podfile:
```ruby
pod 'MJCocoaCore'
```

We also have some subpods that can be installed like this:
```ruby
pod 'MJCocoaCore/Common'
pod 'MJCocoaCore/Realm'
```

## Dependencies

MJCocoaCore/Realm rely on Realm, but the dependency is automatically managed by CocoaPods.

## Running the sample

To run the sample:

- clone this repo
- `cd` into `Example`
- run `pod install` from command line
- use the WorkSpace & enjoy
- check the Unit tests

Commit message:

Adding performance tests. Dividing future files into subfiles.

Example/Pods/MJCocoaCore/README.md, after:

# ![Mobile Jazz Badge](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mobilejazz/metadata/master/images/icons/mj-40x40.png) MJCocoaCore

[![Version](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/v/MJCocoaCore.svg?style=flat)](http://cocoapods.org/pods/MJCocoaCore)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/l/MJCocoaCore.svg?style=flat)](http://cocoapods.org/pods/MJCocoaCore)
[![Platform](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/p/MJCocoaCore.svg?style=flat)](http://cocoapods.org/pods/MJCocoaCore)

## Installation

To install the MJCocoaCore library using [Cocoapods](https://cocoapods.org/), just paste the following line in your podfile:

```ruby
pod 'MJCocoaCore'
```

Available Subspecs:

- MJCocoaCore/Future
- MJCocoaCore/Common
- MJCocoaCore/Realm

Note that the default pod `MJCocoaCore` does not contain the Realm subpod, which needs to be explicitely specified:

```ruby
pod 'MJCocoaCore'
pod 'MJCocoaCore/Realm'
```

### Example Project

To run the example project, clone the repo, and run `pod install` from the Example directory first.

## Author

Mobile Jazz, info@mobilejazz.com

## License

MJCocoaCore is available under the Apache 2 license. See the LICENSE file for more info.
